update the README for packages (#55)
rancher/charts-build-scripts: templates/template/README.md

        # Unarchived Helm chart
  ...
```

> In some cases, the `package` of a chart does not exist in all dev branches:
> - If the chart is released in rancher v2.5 originally and no longer developed in rancher v2.6, its package will be reserved in the dev-v2.5 branch, removed from the dev-v2.6 branch. An example will be the package for Rio.
> - If a new version of the chart is released in v2.5, we will forward port the new chart to dev-v2.6 and release-v2.6 branches. See the section `Porting over Charts / Assets from another Branch` below for instructions.
> - if we need to develop the chart in 2.6 again, we will bring its package back if it was removed in dev-v2.6 in the past. 

Reviewer: Since these scripts are used by partner-charts, Opni, etc, we should not add in Rancher-specific language

```suggestion

### "Orphaned" Charts

Not all charts tracked in `charts/` and `assets/` will have a corresponding entry in `packages/`, but all charts tracked in `packages/` must exist in `charts/` and `assets/` to pass a `make validate`.

Some situations that would merit "orphaned" charts include, but or not limited to:
- Charts that are no longer in active development (e.g. deprecated charts, older versions of released charts)
- Charts that are forward-ported / back-ported over from other Helm repositories

Note: as long as it doesn't modify an already released version of a chart (which will be checked on a `make validate`), you can always bring back a previously removed package to the `packages/` directory to move it back to active development.
```
